well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so at what point do we stop
pretending were shocked by the
president's utter incompetence and
hypocrisy I for one am just flat out of
the ability to pretend I am surprised at
anything he does this administration
does especially on the international
level to catch up on mr. art of deals
week he sent our homophobic vice
president to go meet the leader of
Iceland who has a history of trolling
homophobic heads of state that went over
well
Trump's picked to secure a Mideast peace
deal between the Palestinians and
Israelis quit perhaps the real estate
lawyer for your extensive enterprises
was not the best choice to tackle one of
the most difficult situations in
international relations and then of
course you have today's events which
days before the anniversary of September
11th you know I'm just gonna read the
tweets
unbeknownst to almost everyone
the major Taliban leaders and separately
the President of Afghanistan were going
to secretly meet with me at Camp David
on Sunday they were coming to the United
States tonight and still I'm not
surprised unfortunately in order to
build false leverage they admitted to an
attack in Kabul that killed one of our
great great soldiers and 11 other people
I immediately cancelled the meeting and
called off peace negotiations what kind
of people would kill so many
in order to seemingly strengthen their
position well for one the Taliban that's
kind of what they're known for
does he honestly not read any of the
briefings he's given aside from that I
don't know mr. president why'd you do it
why'd you do it do you think there's
some moral difference between the
leaders of the Taliban and the actions
of their subordinates killing innocent
people and you ordering innocent people
deported back to their deaths there's
not of course you guys were going to
meet your moral compasses line up he
goes on they didn't they only made it
worse if they cannot agree to a
ceasefire during these very important
peace talks and would even kill 12
innocent people then they probably don't
have the power to negotiate a meaningful
agreement anyway how many more decades
are they willing to fight as long as
they have to you would know this had you
read the intelligence briefings there
the Taliban that's again kind of what
they do there were some breaks in the
movement but they've literally been
doing this for generations waiting
waiting for the occupation to leave and
they have no reason to negotiate a
meaningful agreement with the United
States because you already told him we
were leaving when you did that you
removed any any reason they had to care
what we said they don't care that's why
they're acting the way they are they
know we're leaving so they're just
biding their time and waiting
it is not them that lacks the power to
negotiate a meaningful agreement at the
end of the day we're leaving we are
leaving you have made this abundantly
clear everybody knows this and everybody
knows that we're selling out our allies
that's why the negotiations over there
taking place without the Afghan
government and that's why you were
meeting with the Afghan president
separately right we're selling them out
everybody knows this it's not a secret
it is not a secret so the only reason to
attempt to negotiate an agreement is so
later you can pretend like you didn't
know they were going to break it of
course they're going to the second we
leave so this whole charade is going on
so you can get some leverage in
elections here at home getting a
leverage to maintain control of the
country and while these negotiations are
going on innocent people are dying I
don't know what kind of person would do
that what's going to happen is going to
happen it is going to happen the only
thing we're doing right now is
determining the body count and the
longer you pretend that this agreement
matters the higher its gonna get now as
always there's a tweet from President
Trump and of course it's completely
fitting
On January 13 2012 real Donald Trump
tweeted while Barack Obama is slashing
the military he is also negotiating with
our sworn enemy the Taliban who
facilitated 9/11 and of course this
tweet resurfaces while Donald Trump is
slashing the military pillaging funds
appropriated to it to pay for that
stupid wall he is also negotiating with
our sworn enemy the Taliban who
facilitated 9/11 days before the
anniversary of 9/11 even with all of
this I'm still not surprised I am still
not surprised so I am genuinely curious
if this still shocks anybody if anybody
looks at his actions on the
international stage at this
administration's actions on the
international stage and goes wow I can't
believe they did that
I did for the first month or two but at
this point every time they do something
I'm like wow that wasn't as bad as I
thought it was going to be anyway it's
just a thought now I have a good night
[Music]